Dear Student,

I'm happy to announce that you've managed to get **12** out of 12 points for this assignment.
There still exist some issues that should be addressed before the deadline: **2023-03-25 23:50:00 CET (+0100)**. For further details, please refer to the following list:

<details><summary>Cppcheck znalazł potencjalne błędy (to narzędzie może się pomylić)</summary>/tmp/tmpvfyrxuxj/student/zaj1Fraction/fraction.cpp:23:0: warning: The function 'setNumerator' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>void Fraction::setNumerator(int newNumerator) {<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpvfyrxuxj/student/zaj1Fraction/fraction.cpp:27:0: warning: The function 'setDenominator' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>void Fraction::setDenominator(int newDenominator) {<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpvfyrxuxj/student/zaj1Fraction/fraction.cpp:31:0: warning: The function 'getNumerator' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>int Fraction::getNumerator() const {<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpvfyrxuxj/student/zaj1Fraction/fraction.cpp:35:0: warning: The function 'getDenominator' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>int Fraction::getDenominator() const {<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpvfyrxuxj/student/zaj1Fraction/fraction.cpp:39:0: warning: The function 'print' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>void Fraction::print() const {<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpvfyrxuxj/student/zaj1Fraction/fraction.cpp:43:0: warning: The function 'removedFractions' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>int Fraction::removedFractions() {<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpvfyrxuxj/student/zaj1Fraction/fraction.cpp:51:0: warning: The function 'save' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>void Fraction::save(ostream &os) const{<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpvfyrxuxj/student/zaj1Fraction/fraction.cpp:55:0: warning: The function 'load' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>void Fraction::load(istream &is) {<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpvfyrxuxj/student/zaj1Fraction/fraction.cpp:62:0: warning: The function 'getFractionName' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>string Fraction::getFractionName() const {<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpvfyrxuxj/student/zaj1Fraction/fraction.cpp:66:0: warning: The function 'getInvalidDenominatorValue' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>int Fraction::getInvalidDenominatorValue() {<br>^<br></details>

-----------
I remain your faithful servant\
_Bobot_